add molecular filter examples (#5647)
rdkit/rdkit: Docs/Book/GettingStartedInPython.rst

| Acidic   | ``[$([C,S](=[O,S,P])-[O;H1,-1])]``                                                                                                                                     |
+----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Filtering Molecular Datasets
*****************************

> Several sets of rules exist for estimating the liklihood of a molecule exhibiting drug like behaviour. It's worth noting that these are rules of thumb, and that many examples of approved small molecule drugs exist that disobey these rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several sets of rules exist for estimating the likelihood of a molecule exhibiting drug-like behaviour. It's worth noting that these are rules of thumb, and that many examples of approved small molecule drugs exist that disobey these rules. 
```

Lipinski Rule of 5
==================
Lipinski's "Rule of 5" [#lipinski]_ was introduced to estimate the oral bioavailability of molecules. Poor absorption is likely if the molecule violates more than one of the following conditions: 

* Molecular Weight <= 500 Da
* No. Hydrogen Bond Donors <= 10
* No. Hydrogen Bond Acceptors <= 5
* LogP <= 5

.. doctest::

  >>> from rdkit import Chem
  >>> from rdkit.Chem import Descriptors
  >>> mol = Chem.MolFromSmiles('CC(=O)Nc1ccc(O)cc1')  # e.g. Paracetamol
  >>> # Ro5 descriptors
  >>> MW = Descriptors.MolWt(mol)

>   >>> HBA = Descriptors.NumHAcceptors(mol)
>   >>> HBD = Descriptors.NumHDonors(mol)

Reviewer: In the original Lipinski paper, the definitions of acceptor (number of Ns and Os) and donor (number of N-H and O-H bonds) were a bit idiosyncratic, so the RDKit has specialized functions for calculating these:
```suggestion
  >>> HBA = Descriptors.NOCount(mol)
  >>> HBD = Descriptors.NHOHCount(mol)
```

  >>> LogP = Descriptors.MolLogP(mol)
  >>> conditions = [MW <= 500, HBA <= 10, HBD <= 5, LogP <= 5]

>   >>> if conditions.count(True) >= 3:
>       ... pass_ro5 = True  # ro5 compliant
>   >>> else:
>       ... pass_ro5 = False  # fails ro5

Reviewer: This can be simplified to:
```suggestion
  >>> pass_ro5 = conditions.count(True) >= 3
```

The Brenk filter [#brenk]_ removes molecules containing substructures with undesirable pharmacokinetics or toxicity. These include sulfates and phosphates that contribute to unfavourable pharmacokinetics, nitro groups which are mutagenic and 2-halopyridines and thiols which are both reactive.

The NIH filter [#jadhav]_, [#doveston]_ defined a list of functional groups with undesirable properties. These are split into those with reactive functionalities (including Michael acceptors, aldehydes, epoxides, alkyl halides, metals, 2-halo pyridines, phosphorus nitrogen bonds, α-chloroketones and β-lactams) and medicinal chemistry exclusions (including oximes, crown ethers, hydrazines, flavanoids, polyphenols, primary halide sulfates and multiple nitro groups).

.. doctest::
  >>> from rdkit import Chem
  >>> from rdkit.Chem.FilterCatalog import FilterCatalog, FilterCatalogParams
  
  >>> mol = Chem.MolFromSmiles('CC1=C(C=C(C=C1)N2C(=O)C(=C(N2)C)N=NC3=CC=CC(=C3O)C4=CC(=CC=C4)C(=O)O)C')  # e.g. Eltrombopag
  <BLANKLINE>
  >>> # PAINS flag
  >>> params_pains = FilterCatalogParams()

>   >>> params_pains.AddCatalog(FilterCatalogParams.FilterCatalogs.PAINS)

Reviewer: I think that people normally just use the `PAINS_A` filters, not the full set:
```suggestion
  >>> params_pains.AddCatalog(FilterCatalogParams.FilterCatalogs.PAINS_A)
```

  >>> catalog_pains = FilterCatalog(params_pains)
  

>   >>> entry = catalog_pains.GetFirstMatch(mol)  # Get the first matching PAINS
>   >>> if entry is not None:
>       ... flag = True  # true if mol contains filter
>   >>> else:
>       ... flag = False  # false if not

Reviewer: Since you aren't using the result that `GetFirstMatch()` returns, you can simplify this:
```suggestion
  >>> flag = catalog_pains.HasMatch(mol)  # Checks if there is a matching PAINS
```

  >>> print("PAINs: ", flag)
  <BLANKLINE>
  >>> # Brenk Flag
  >>> params_unwanted = FilterCatalogParams()
  >>> params_unwanted.AddCatalog(FilterCatalogParams.FilterCatalogs.BRENK)
  >>> catalog_unwanted = FilterCatalog(params_unwanted)

  >>> entry = catalog_unwanted.GetFirstMatch(mol)  # Get the first matching PAINS
  >>> if entry is not None:
      ... flag = True  # true if mol contains filter
  >>> else:

>       ... flag = False  # false if not

Reviewer: Same suggestion about using `HasMatch()` here

  >>> print("Brenk: ", flag)
  <BLANKLINE>
  >>> # NIH Flag
  >>> params_nih = FilterCatalogParams()
  >>> params_nih.AddCatalog(FilterCatalogParams.FilterCatalogs.NIH)
  >>> catalog_nih = FilterCatalog(params_nih)

  >>> entry = catalog_nih.GetFirstMatch(mol)  # Get the first matching PAINS
  >>> if entry is not None:
      ... flag = True  # true if mol contains filter
  >>> else:

>       ... flag = False  # false if not

Reviewer: Same suggestion about using `HasMatch()` here
